gh-112092: Fixed contradicting statement (#112093)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/stable.rst

backwards-compatible across a minor release (if these are compiled the same
way; see :ref:`stable-abi-platform` below).
So, code compiled for Python 3.10.0 will work on 3.10.8 and vice versa,

> but will need to be compiled separately for any other minor version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but will need to be compiled separately for 3.9.x and 3.11.x.
```

Author: 👍Guess this makes more sense, as it still gives a concrete example. Why didn't I think of that
